<p>The <em>Application Attachments</em> screen displays when an applicant selects the <strong> Attachments</strong> link at the top of any screen in the FCC Form 175-A. The screen is organized into two sections. The top section of the screen allows you to upload attachments to the application. Attachments may be no larger than 10 MB each. Attachments may be uploaded by browsing for the file name or by entering the file name in the File text box. The maximum length of the file name is 232 characters. The following are acceptable file name extension types for FCC Form 175-A attachments: .txt, .doc, .docx, .csv, .pdf, .odt, .xls, and .xlsx. You must provide a description for any attachment that you upload. You must select an attachment type from the Attachment Type drop down list (<u>note</u>: although the only attachment type available for the FCC Form 175-A is "Supporting Information," you will still need to select this attachment type in order to be able to upload any attachments to the application).</p>
<p>The bottom section of the <strong> <em>Application Attachments</em></strong> screen lists any attachments that you have uploaded, along with the attachment type and description, and the date that the attachment was uploaded. You may also view, print, and delete attachments from this section of the screen. </p>
<p>To print an attachment you have uploaded, click the link associated with the attachment in the File Name column in the bottom section of the screen to display the attachment and use the document print function to print it.</p>